{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Medium;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue238;\red64\green64\blue64;\red102\green102\blue102;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
{\info
{\title Chris Cullmann Resume}
{\subject Chris Cullmann Resume, Digital Strategist}
{\author Chris Cullmann}
{\keywords Chris Cullmann, Digital Strategy, Digital}}\margt1170\vieww17580\viewh16140\viewkind1\viewscale150
\deftab720
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0\sb240\sa60

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Chris Cullmann\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\fs20 \cf0 22 South Dacotah Avenue\
Rockaway, NJ 07866\
201-743-9204\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:chris@cullmanndesign.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 chris@cullmanndesign.com}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cullmanndesign.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 www.cullmanndesign.com}}\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0\sb240\sa60

\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Summary:\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 With 15 years of digital marketing experience, the perspective Chris brings to projects reflects a strong understanding of design, marketing, and user experience. A digital native that leads with a strategic vision, he is able to identify the opportunity that lies where art and marketing meet technology. \
\
Chris has been able to make his impact leading creative and technology teams on projects ranging from healthcare professional focused iPad projects and mobile web applications to social media campaigns and digital communication strategies. He is most comfortable leveraging creative and technological solutions for advertising and marketing challenges.\
\
The focus of Chris\'92 career for almost a decade has been innovating in healthcare communications. His portfolio includes award winning digital projects and work from the 10 largest pharmaceutical companies. His perspectives on mobile health technologies and social media marketing have appeared in trade journals and white papers.\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0\sb240\sa60

\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 Employment History:\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0\sb240\sa60

\fs24 \cf3 VP, Digital Strategist\'a0\uc0\u8232 Ogilvy CommonHealth Interactive Marketing	06-2011 \'96 Current\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Developing digital strategies that combine technology, new media creative and branding for optimal impact. Department leader managing a team of Interactive Creative Directors, Art Directors, and User Interface Designers to plan, build and launch brand websites, online marketing, mobile experiences and iPad applications for global healthcare, pharmaceutical and bio-tech clients. Specializing in identifying and utilizing new technologies for best reach and audience engagement. Creating engaging social media, video and interactive programs for implementation on the web, kiosks, smart phones and the exam room. A passionate leader and advocate for agency positions on emerging technologies and marketing trends.\
\
Digital Creative Director for Team Chemistry, a multi-agency WPP initiative to provide best of class services to Janssen Pharmaceuticals. Reporting to brand-leadership (Chemists) to provide innovative solutions for specific Janssen products and audiences. A leader within Team Chemistry\'92s Digital Council, Tablet Detail Leadership Team and Digital Creative Lead for several flagship pharmaceutical brands.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 Digital Creative Director and leader for multi-location, global healthcare and pharmaceutical advertising agency\
Developing multi-channel communication campaigns that leveraged professional, consumer, managed care, and medical education disciplines\
Lead new business initiatives and directed digital strategy and tactics for existing clients\
Presenting new initiatives to clients and matching their needs with the most effective marketing solutions for their audience\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb240\sa60

\f2\b\fs24 \cf3 \page Creative Director\uc0\u8232 Ogilvy CommonHealth Interactive Marketing	05-2009 \'96 06-2011\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Leading a team of designers and developers to plan, build and develop online brands, applications and user experiences for global healthcare, pharmaceutical and bio-tech clients. Specializing in identifying and utilizing new technologies for best reach and audience engagement. Creating engaging social media, video and interactive programs for implementation on the web, kiosks, smart phones and the exam room. A passionate leader and advocate for the agency position on emerging technologies and marketing trends.\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0\sb240\sa60

\f2\b\fs24 \cf3 Group Supervisor, Interactive Development\uc0\u8232 Qi Interactive, Commonhealth\'a0	05-2006 \'96 05-2009\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Report directly to the CTO to determine and implement the best solutions for a variety of web, desktop and mobile applications for healthcare professional, consumer and corporate projects. Responsible for department workflow, process and quality assurance in an aggressive, deadline oriented environment. Research and development of new solutions and approaches for SEO, SEM, viral and social media marketing for proprietary products. New client product development and presentation. Training and educational sessions for internal and client groups for new online marketing trends, search engine marketing, and best practices for website design and development.\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0\sb240\sa60

\f2\b\fs24 \cf3 Senior Web Developer\uc0\u8232 Group DCA, Inc.	11-2003 - 05-2006\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Designed and developed interactive client websites as well as eight e-Detail oriented healthcare professional member websites and client facing pharmaceutical marketing websites. Integrated proprietary, dynamic, flash-based medical education and e-learning applications with member website. Created e-messaging system that resulted in a 15-20% increase in program participation and an average 60% increase in click-through traffic. Introduced natural search and paid-search marketing campaigns for client based interactive eDetail and e-learning programs. Presented capabilities, concepts and budgets to clients for websites and eDetail programs.\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0\sb240\sa60

\f2\b\fs24 \cf3 Senior Web Designer\uc0\u8232 Dentino Marketing, Inc. 	01-2000 - 11-1997\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Responsible for concept, design, and execution of websites, flash-based websites, banner ad advertisements and e-messaging deployments for financial, B-to-B and casino gaming accounts. Hired and managed freelance team members including web designers, programmers and copywriters.\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\f3\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa80

\f2\b\fs24 \cf3 Publications
\f3\fs20 \cf4 :\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Second Screen Marketing 					(Dose of Digital, July 4, 2012)\
Search and Social Media for the Pharmaceutical Industry 	(PharmaVOICE, January 2012)\
mHealth: Pharma\'92s Next Blockbuster 				(PharmaVOICE, May 2011)\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0\sb240\sa60

\f2\b\fs24 \cf3 Education and Certifications:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 BFA, Graphic Design & Communications, Rowan University\
Continuing Education Program for Electronic Media, School of Visual Arts\
\pard\tqr\tx8352\pardeftab720\ri0\sb240\sa60

\f2\b\fs24 \cf3 Awards:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 2005, 2006, 2011 Webby\
2007, 2009 MM&M Nomination\
W3 Silver Award\
}